fix: verifyBearerAuth to call done(error) on error (#91)
fastify/fastify-bearer-auth: Readme.md

})
```

By passing `{ addHook: false }` in the options, the `verifyBearerAuth` hook, instead of

> immediately replying on error (`reply.send(someError)`), it calls `done(someError)`. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
immediately replying on error (`reply.send(someError)`), invokes `done(someError)`. This
```

Author: thanks for the suggestions.

> will allow `fastify.auth` to take back control and try to authenticate the request with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will allow `fastify.auth` to continue with the next authentication scheme in the hook list.
```

> next hook in the list. If `verifyBearerAuth` is the last hook in the list, `fastify.auth`
> will reply with `Unauthorized`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `verifyBearerAuth` is the last hook in the list, `fastify.auth` will reply with `Unauthorized`.
```
